pages/about.markdown, before:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

# 👋 Hi, I’m Stoyan!

I’m a **sustainability advocate** and **tech enthusiast** passionate about creating solutions that empower individuals and communities to make a positive impact. My journey into technology began with a curiosity for how innovation can solve real-world challenges, and today, I’m focused on bridging the gap between **intention and action** through thoughtful, user-friendly tools.

## 💡 What I’m Building:

I’m the creator of [Green Compass](https://greencompass.app/), a platform designed to make sustainable living actionable and accessible. By combining education, habit-building, and community engagement, Green Compass helps individuals turn small, daily choices into collective climate action.

## ✨ What Drives Me:

- **Mission-Driven Innovation**: Building tools that inspire meaningful change.  
- **Strategic Problem Solving**: Tackling challenges with creativity and persistence.  
- **Empowering Communities**: Enabling people to live sustainably with clarity and confidence.

## 🌱 Beyond the Screen:

I’m constantly exploring ways to grow—whether it’s learning new skills, reflecting on sustainability practices, or connecting with others who share a vision for a greener, better future. I believe that technology, when used wisely, is one of the most powerful tools we have to create lasting change.

Let’s connect, collaborate, and shape a more sustainable tomorrow! 🚀

Commit message:

Update personal bio and description to focus on indie development

pages/about.markdown, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

# 👋 Hi, I'm Stoyan!

I'm an **indie developer** and **digital creator** passionate about building apps and solutions that enhance everyday experiences. My journey into technology began with a curiosity for how code can solve real problems, and today, I'm focused on creating **intuitive, well-crafted digital products** that people actually want to use.

## 💡 What I'm Building:

I'm constantly working on various projects, from mobile apps to web platforms. My latest focus has been [Green Compass](https://greencompass.app/), where I've been exploring how to build engaging user experiences that drive meaningful behavior change. I love the entire process—from initial concept to shipping and iterating based on user feedback.

## ✨ What Drives Me:

- **Crafting Great Products**: Building apps with attention to detail and user experience.  
- **Independent Creation**: The freedom to explore ideas and build what I believe in.  
- **Continuous Learning**: Always picking up new technologies, frameworks, and design patterns.
- **Shipping & Iterating**: Getting products into users' hands and improving based on real feedback.

## 🚀 Beyond the Code:

When I'm not coding, I'm usually exploring new tools, reading about product development, or connecting with other indie makers and developers. I believe the best products come from understanding both the technical and human sides of problem-solving.

Let's connect and build something awesome together! 🚀
